Championing your Future, with easy finance & expert guidance with FIRST UNI!

*Terms & conditions apply

Competitive student loan interest rates
Collateral-free loans of up to ₹50 lakhs*
30k+ courses funded globally across 4000+ universities
Faster loan sanction via seamless application process

Education loan

Don’t let finances hold you back from enrolling yourself in your dream institute. Let us take charge of your finances with a range of student loans. We, at IDFC FIRST Bank, understand your ambitions and acknowledge your merit. We are driven to help you with financial aid to make your journey hassle-free. Our competitive student loan interest rates make us a better choice in the industry. Find out more on our latest rates here.

Transfer your existing Education Loan to IDFC FIRST Bank at upto 1% lower ROI*

*Terms & Conditions apply

Education Loan Offerings

Higher Education Loan – International
Higher Education Loan – India
School Fees Financing

Walk into your dream college with FIRST UNI

Simply download our FIRST UNI app now! The app enables you to explore various colleges, courses and scholarships that can financially support your dream course. The FIRST UNI app extends personalized support through a buddy & also helps you connect with an expert counsellor for writing SOP, building resumes, test-prep and a lot more

You know what? Even your first counselling session is on us. So, what are you waiting for?

Download Now
Know more

Benefits of IDFC FIRST Bank Education Loans

There are several advantages in availing student loans from IDFC FIRST Bank. With our ALWAYS YOU FIRST principle, you will enjoy:

Education loan available up to INR 1.5Cr.*
Collateral-free loans up to INR 50 lakhs*
Up to 100% financing*
Flexible loan tenure up to 15 years*
Flexible repayment options
Hassle-free education financing fulfilled at your doorstep
Customized solutions tailored as per your needs
Income tax benefits under section 80E
Funding additional expenses (travel expenses, purchase of laptop/books/uniform, insurance cost etc.) along with college related expense

Why should I take an Education Loan?

Be financially independent
Reap Income tax benefits under 80E of IT Act
Leverage flexibility during repayment
Strengthen your credit history
Enjoy lower interest rates

How to Apply for an Education Loan

Our all-new application process offers the convenience of applying through various modes including:

IDFC FIRST Bank Website
Apply for an education loan online in a few easy steps. Click here to apply now.
FIRST UNI
Find the best education loan for your dream course and university with FIRST UNI. Click here to apply now
IDFC FIRST Mobile Banking App
Apply and manage your education loan anytime, anywhere with the IDFC FIRST Mobile Banking App. Click here to download.

You can also reach out to us directly by visiting your nearest IDFC FIRST Bank branch or contacting our customer care on 1800 10 888.

ELIGIBILITY
Who can apply?

If you are unsure about your eligibility for an education loan, you can check your eligibility by entering your application information online, and we'll assist you throughout the journey. IDFC FIRST Bank’s eligibility criteria for student education loans:

You should be an Indian National (includes NRI)
You should be 18 years old or above
You should have secured admission in your desired Institution/Course
In case you have not secured admission, you can opt for a pre-admission sanction

Savings Account

Transfer funds now and earn up to 5%

Open Account
Know More
