Receive funds from overseas in your Indian acc at personalized exchange rates

Enjoy seamless transfer in multiple currencies

Fund transfer available in 15 currencies
Competitive exchange rates
Transfer funds without any limits
Zero processing fee or commission
Overview How to transfer Charges Partner Bank Details

Inward Remittance
With IDFC FIRST Bank, you never have to worry about fund transfers to India. Read More
How to transfer
Follow these simple steps to transfer funds conveniently:
1. Visit your foreign bank branch anywhere in the world.
2. Submit the payment details explained below:
• Sender's details - Name, account number and complete address
• Receiver's details - Name, 11-digit account number* and complete address
• Receiver's bank details -
i. Bank Name – IDFC FIRST Bank
ii. Swift Code – IDFBINBBMUM
iii. Correspondent's Bank - Please Click Here
• Mention purpose of payment for faster credit to your account
• Please note: Kindly mention charges as OUR in your fund transfer form to avoid correspondent bank charges.
3. On receiving the payment from foreign Bank, IDFC FIRST Bank will deposit the money in the desired account within 1 to 2 days***.
For details on the Exchange Rates, please Click Here
* For FCNR Deposit, you don't need to mention account number but ensure your 10 digit customer ID is mentioned. 
** For faster credit, it is mandatory to mention purpose of payment. 
*** In certain cases, the bank may be required to reach beneficiary for additional details prior to credit of funds.
Please feel free to get in touch with us at nriservices@idfcfirstbank.com or call us at +91-22-6248-5152.
Still have doubts about our many NRI-related services? Please write to us at nriservices@idfcfirstbank.com
Charges
IDFC FIRST Bank does not charge anything for funds transfer received from abroad. GST will be levied on the converted gross INR amount, as per the existing Tax slab.
Please note that the remitting bank routes remittance funds through their correspondent banks in arrangement. These correspondent banks may levy certain charges for rendering their services which are neither in control nor the responsibility of the IDFC FIRST Bank.
For details on the Exchange Rates, please Click Here
Partner Bank Details
Click Here
FX Retail Platform
Reserve Bank of India (RBI), through Clearing Corporation of India Ltd (CCIL), has rolled out an electronic trading platform ‘FX-Retail’ where customers have the option to BUY and SELL foreign exchange. FX Retail platform, currently offers Cash/Tom/Spot deals.
For registration, please visit CCIL-FX Retail website,
https://www.fxretail.co.in/#/login
Post successful registration, the limit can be setup by visiting the nearest branch of IDFC FIRST Bank.
For more information, visit the CCIL website, https://www.ccilindia.com/AboutUs/Pages/FxRetailPlatform.aspx
Get In Touch
• Are you an Indian resident? If yes, you may call us at 1800-419-4332
• Are you an NRI? If yes, please feel free to get in touch with us at nriservices@idfcfirstbank.com or call us at +91-22-6248-5152.
• Still have doubts about our many NRI-related services? Please write to us at nriservices@idfcfirstbank.com
FAQS
What is Transfer Funds to India Facility?
IDFC FIRST Bank offers fund transfer service from overseas to India for Non Resident or Resident account holders of IDFC FIRST Bank, for purposes like savings, investments, family maintenance etc.
How do I send money to an IDFC FIRST Bank account in India?
Follow these simple steps to transfer funds conveniently:
1. Visit your foreign bank branch anywhere in the world.
2. Submit the payment details explained below:
1. Sender's details - Name, account number and complete address
2. Receiver's details - Name, 11-digit account number* and complete address
3. Receiver's bank details - 

Bank Name – IDFC FIRST Bank  

Swift Code – IDFBINBBMUM  

Correspondent's Bank - Please Click Here
3. Mention purpose of payment for faster credit to your account
Do I need to be an IDFC FIRST Bank Account holder to receive foreign inward remittance?
Yes, only IDFC FIRST Bank Account holders can avail this service.
Which foreign currencies can be converted and sent to IDFC FIRST Bank?
It can be done in 14 currencies - CHF, AUD, ZAR, JPY, CAD, CNH, HKD, NOK, SGD, GBP, EUR, USD, AED and NZD
Where do I view the Exchange Rates?
For details on the Exchange Rates, please Click Here.
Where do I view correspondent Bank details?
For details on correspondent banks, please Click Here.  
Is there any limit for receiving funds from abroad?
No. You can transfer money to India without any limits.
How much time will it take to credit the funds to my IDFC FIRST Bank account once the transaction is successful from overseas bank?
On receiving the payment from foreign Bank, IDFC FIRST Bank will deposit the money in the desired account within 1 to 2 days*. 
*In certain cases, the bank may be required to reach beneficiary for additional details prior to credit of funds.
What are the charges levied by IDFC FIRST bank for receiving a Fund Transfer from abroad?
IDFC FIRST Bank does not charge anything for funds transferred from abroad. The remitting bank or the correspondent banks may levy charges for the wire transfer. GST will be levied on the converted gross INR amount, as per the existing Tax slab.
What are correspondent bank charges for inward remittance?
Correspondent bank charges are levied by the intermediary bank, routing funds to IDFC FIRST Bank. These charges are neither in control or responsibility of IDFC FIRST Bank.
Is it mandatory to mention the purpose of payment while Initiating Fund Transfer from abroad?
For faster credit in your account, it is mandatory to mention purpose of payment.
What all information is mandatory for me to provide while transferring funds to India from foreign bank to IDFC FIRST Bank?
* o Sender’s details - Name, account number and complete address
* o Receiver’s details - Name, account number and complete address
* o Receiver’s bank details - Bank Name – IDFC FIRST Bank with Swift Code – IDFBINBBMUM
* o Payment details - Purpose of Payment; you may choose an available option
* o Correspondent’s bank details - Available at Please Click Here
* o Purpose of Payment: For faster credit in your account, it is mandatory to mention purpose of payment
Will IDFC FIRST Bank swift code change as per the location of my account?
No. IDFC FIRST Bank has only one swift code IDFBINBBMUM for Resident and NRI account holders, for receiving funds from abroad.
More FAQs
Discover Our Banking Products
Business Loan
---
Grow your business with timely funds
Apply Now
Know More
Commercial Vehicle Loan
---
Simple loan solutions for commercial vehicle
Apply Now
Know More
Professional Loan
---
Expand your practice without worry
Apply Now
Know More
Get in touch with us
Give a compliment
Customer Support
Locate our branch
About IDFC FIRST Bank
Leadership
Careers
Investor Relations
Code Of Conduct
Awards & Accolades
Press Release
Grievance Redressal
Report An UNAUTH Transaction
Customer Service – Terms of Engagement
Safe Banking
Policy on General Management of Branches
Popular Products
Personal Loan
Credit Cards
Home Loan
Savings Account
Consumer Durable Loan
Current Account
Fixed Deposit
Recurring Deposit
Loan Against Property
Two Wheeler Loan
Pre-owned Two Wheeler Loan
Education Loan
Working Capital Loan
New Car Loan
Pre-owned Car Loan
NRI Accounts
Commercial Vehicle Loan
Gold Loan
Important Links
Regulatory Disclosures
Notice Board
CSR Activities
IDFC FIRST Bank’s No Gift Policy
Indian Bank's Association Advisory
Stock Exchange Announcements
Credit Guarantee scheme for MFI - NCGTC
Most Important Terms and Conditions (MITC)
Cardmember Agreement
Advisory on Frauds through Fake Investments Schemes
Moneylife Foundation & IIT Bombay recognise IDFC FIRST Bank as a 'Class Apart'
Financial Literacy Week 2024
Deposit Insurance Awareness
Track Your Loan Application
Loan Restructuring Scheme
IDFC Infrastructure Bonds
Login to NetBanking
Positive Pay
Financial Awareness Campaign
Explore
Merger - IDFC Bank and Capital First Ltd.
Form Center
MCLR
RBI Kehta Hai
Loan Repayment Options
Explore Banking Options
COVID-19 Moratorium
Marathons Association
Schedule Of Charges
Retail Loans APR Calculator
Interest Rates
FinFIRST Blogs
Offers
Internet Banking Services
Financial Calculators
Donate to PMNRF
Cyber Security Awareness
Get More From Your Bank
Follow Us

Download IDFC FIRST Bank App:
Download Now
PCI DSS SECURITY COMPLIANT
NSE 83.35 21 Jun, 16:00:00
Other Links
Banking Ombudsman
Forex Rates
Auctions
IDFC FIRST Bank GST Numbers
Policy on Co-Lending Model
Google API Disclosure
GMB Locator
Comprehensive Deposit Policy
Customer Education Literature IRAC Norms
CBDC Digital Rupee
ECLGS
LIC Credit Cards
Website Advisory
Aadhaar Seva Kendras
Digital Lending Partners
Dissemination of information on Digital Banking
Branch Locator
Alumni Connect
Customer Care
Vendor Details
Sachet Portal
NRE Account
NRO Account
LIC Classic Credit Card
Open Savings Account online
Personal Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan Eligibility Calculator
Savings Account Interest Rate Calculator
Recurring Deposit Calculator
Car Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Two Wheeler Loan EMI Calculator
Education Loan EMI Calculator
Credit Card EMI Calculator
FD Calculator
SIP Calculator
SWYP EMI Credit Card
Apply for Credit Card
We use cookies to provide a user-friendly experience. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies.  

Corporate Office Address: C/61, Bandra Kurla Complex Rd, opposite Trident Hotel, G Block BKC, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051
Copyright© 2024 IDFC FIRST Bank Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms & conditions   
