Keep aside the panic and travel light
Explore and pick from our range of best travel insurance plans
Apply Now
Expert advice on product curation and selection
Sum assured covers - Loss of baggage, medical emergencies etc.
Leading General Insurance Partners - ICICI Lombard, SBI General & Future Generali
Simplified digital product purchase journey
Overview
Reason to Buy
FAQs
Travel Insurance
Travel insurance provides comprehensive coverage against occurrences that are likely to spoil your trip. It comes with travel medical insurance and also covers other risks so that you can enjoy your trip hassle-free. A travel insurance policy is a popular choice among people travelling on vacations, business trips, or for studies. Buy travel insurance online and secure yourself from any loss/damage incurred, which might create a financial burden otherwise. It will essentially secure you and provide coverage under the following circumstances:
Medical Expenses
Personal Accident
Medical Evacuation
Loss of Passport
Loss of Checked-in Baggage
Theft/Loss of Personal Belongings
Trip Cancellation & Curtailment
Trip Delays
Read More
Travel Insurance Plan
SBI general
Travel Insurance
ICICI Lombard
International Travel Insurance Policy
FUTURE GENERALI
Future Easy Travel Worldwide
REASONS TO BUY TRAVEL INSURNACE
Emergency Medical Expenses - The cost of medical treatment abroad is not the same as in India. Countries like the USA are famous for skyrocketing medical services. But if you have travel medical insurance, all your medical expenses will be covered up to the sum insured limit in case of hospitalization due to an illness or accident abroad. They will also arrange an emergency medical evacuation to a hospital if required. Moreover, being admitted to a network hospital can help you avail of cashless medical services.
Mandatory Requirement - Several countries around the world have made it mandatory to possess a valid travel insurance policy to apply for a visa for that country. For instance, you need to insure your journey if you want to apply for the Schengen visa.
Helping Hand in Remote Areas - Insuring your journey can turn out to be useful if you are travelling to remote parts abroad. In case you need emergency medical services in areas with poor medical facilities, your insurer can evacuate you to the nearest city or country and help you get medical treatment on time.
Stress-Free Trip - An outstation journey can come with its share of uncertainties and cause a lot of stress to the travelers if an unforeseen incident occurs. But if you have insured your journey, all your emergencies can be taken care of by your insurer and you wouldn’t have to worry about a thing.
Flight-related Complications - You often get stuck in a flight or airline-related issues that shake your trip itinerary. Whether there has been a flight delay, checked-in baggage loss/delay, missed connecting flight or flight hijack, you will be adequately compensated if you have insured your journey.
Protects the Entire Family - A family travel insurance not only offers protection to you but to each member of your family while travelling. Most travel insurance companies allow you to choose the sum insured on an individual and family floater basis.
Replacement of Lost or Stolen Baggage - In case of loss of baggage or theft of your belongings from your baggage while travelling overseas, your insurer will compensate you for your loss.
Pays for Personal Liability - In case an unfortunate incident abroad results in a legal liability being imposed on you, your insurer will pay off your liabilities and cover any legal court expenses that you may incur.
Emergency Cash Assistance - In case you get robbed of your money during your stay abroad, your insurer will come to your rescue and arrange emergency cash for you.
Experience a Mobile Banking revolution
Track spends, earn rewards, check your risk profile, invest in Mutual Funds in a click, experience Google-like search, cash flow analysis
Download Now
Savings account
₹50,000
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Key Features of Best Travel Insurance Policy
Emergency Hospitalization & Medical Treatment:  Nobody can rule out the possibility of a medical emergency while travelling. By insuring your journey, you can stay assured as all your hospitalization and treatment expenses will be taken care of by your insurer.
Compensation for Flight-Related Adversities: Facing any adversities related to your flight is very common and chances of facing it increase if you are travelling abroad. Whether there has been a flight delay leading to a missed connecting flight or a delay or loss of baggage by your airline, your insurer will compensate for the losses you have incurred.
Trip-Related Adversities: Nobody knows when an emergency can hinder your travel plans and would force you to delay or cancel your trip. International travel insurance provides coverage for unforeseen trip delays or trip cancellation.
Cashless Hospitalization Facility: If you get hospitalized or are availing medical treatment at an empanelled hospital of your insurer, you can receive cashless service under your international travel insurance online plan in which all your medical bills will be settled directly by your insurer. You would not have to pay up the hospital for any covered treatment.
Customized Policies for Senior Citizens: While travelling, the needs of senior citizens are way different from the needs of other kinds of travellers. Taking cognizance of this fact, most travel insurance companies offer customized trip insurance policies for elderly people who are travelling within India or abroad
Available for Frequent Flyers: Buying an insurance policy for each journey can turn out to be pretty expensive for people who travel frequently or multiple times in a year. To ensure that such frequent flyers enjoy the perks of trip, travel insurance plans on each journey without spending a fortune, insurance providers offer multi-trip policies with a year-long validity.
Types of Travel Insurance
What Does Travel Insurance Cover?
Exclusions of Travel Insurance Plans
Get in touch with us
Give a compliment
Customer Support
Locate our branch
About IDFC FIRST Bank
Popular Products
Important Links
Explore
Other Links
Follow Us
Download IDFC FIRST Bank App:
Download Now
PCI DSS SECURITY COMPLIANT
We use cookies to provide a user-friendly experience. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies.
Apply Now
